well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about john
kerry becoming
the climate change guy he's going to be
out there representing the u.s
in a bid to restore our commitments to
climate change those that
trump has yanked us out of
uh carrie's a good choice for this he
knows all of these people
everybody that's involved with this he
knows him he is an american political
heavyweight
he also sends the message that there is
some kind of continuity in the united
states despite
four years of trump this is all good on
the international
he's also not going to be really facing
any opposition
you know it's not like other countries
are going to be like no don't reduce
your carbon emissions
that's not going to happen with all of
these things together
kerry should be able to rack up wins
incredibly quickly for biden
he should be able to score a lot of wins
very very quickly and undo
a lot of the damage that trump calls
that's good but there's also a
potential pitfall if biden
racks up a bunch of wins on the
environment really early on
very quickly thanks to kerry and they're
all on the international
front he may not feel as much pressure
to do things domestically to take action
here in the united states that needs to
be taken
the goal shouldn't be simply to return
the u.s to pre-trump levels of
commitment
we've got to go way beyond that because
we lost four years
um this is one of those issues we are
running out of time to deal with
and we've got to be careful
in accepting normal political wins on
this one
we have to go beyond where we were at
four years ago
we have to be really committed to this
hopefully
biden tapping somebody who is an
american political
heavyweight on the international scene
is a sign of commitment to doing that
that's how a lot of the media is reading
it
and i i don't know that they're wrong um
but i'm just
worried that the amount of political
capital they can gain
very very quickly with little effort
is going to make them less likely
to expend political capital to do what
we
we really have to get done it's
something that we
really have to watch for um
the appointment of kerry to do this
probably a good thing
but we have to stay on biden about this
what he has said yeah he's moving in the
right direction
but this is something we're going to
have to push on this isn't something
that is going to be second nature
it's not something he's necessarily
going to want to do
because a lot of what has to be done is
going to upset business interests
which will upset campaign donations
it's going to be a fight don't take
the appointment of a
political heavyweight to this position
as a guaranteed win
we're going to get those wins up front
very quickly but this is a long fight on
this one
this is one that we're probably going to
have to push biden on
for the next four years
because it it is going to take him
it's going to take expending political
capital to get a lot of the stuff done
that needs to be done
and this is one of those things we don't
have a choice on we have to do it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day